Add Salt for configuration management (#703)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_salt-viewing-enc-parameters.adoc

[id="salt_guide_viewing_enc_parameters_{context}"]
= Viewing ENC Parameters

You can use {Project} as an external node classifier for Salt.
Click *Salt ENC* on the host overview page to view assigned Salt States.
This shows a list of parameters that are made available for Salt usage as Salt Pillar data.

> You can check what parameters are truly available on the Salt side by running the following command on your Salt Master:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check what parameters are truly available on the Salt side by completing the following procedure.
```

Author: Applied.
